





 at last, seungtae began to get annoyed.he snapped sharply, “hey, don’t you see the road sign over there? i don’t think you don’t know how to read, but if you want to try to trick me, let me warn you…”“oh, good. by the way…”the man stopped talking, then approached seungtae.sensing some sort of threat, seungtae took a step back and raised his right hand.“hey, be careful, man! don’t approach me anymore.”if seungtae put down this hand, his colleagues behind him would begin to charge at the two strange men and knock them down.“hey, hey, calm down. what i’m looking for isn’t a road sign… and i’m not interested in those strange-looking characters, you idiot!”there was a moment of silence at his words.“what the heck did you say? you are now…”“how stupid, you korean bastards! how come you can’t grasp a situation like this? you make me scoff at you, man,”but seungtae scorned his opponent’s provocative remarks then turned to his colleagues.“guys, what the heck did this bastard babble at me? uh? argh!”however, seungtae was immediately pushed down by the man, forcibly squatting over him.“clear.”seungtae doubted his eyes. the three trucks carrying his group were covered with blood.“oh, my god!”the body parts whose limbs were cut off were strewn all over the place, and there was a pool of blood dripping under the truck. and those dressed in black were wiping blood from their swords.no sound was heard, nor did anybody approach, fight, or even scream. what the hell is going on?seungtae lay with his face down, trying to figure out the situation. his action was a survival instinct.“oh, i’ll guide you, sir! please save my life!”the man squatted in front of seungtae and replied, “in fact, it’s not the guide we need.”
seungtae looked up at him and said, “well, then…”“information! i want to keep getting information about someone from you, your cell phone, and the korean server community.”“hey, korean bastard, i think you are really lucky. our swordsmen from the 1st team have drawn their swords, but you have been saved. this is unprecedented!”“ikufumi, don’t talk bullshit like that! what if he gets scared and forgets the letters?”“hahaha!”after laughing heartily, that man looked at seungtae again.“hey, did you understand? you get the information from the community and report it to us.”“yes, sir! sure!”only players belonging to the server could use the community on their mobile phones.that meant he could save his life as long as they needed him.so seungtae got emboldened enough to ask, “oh, i see. but if you don’t mind, can i ask who you are?”a guy who seemed to be the leader said, wearing a mask, “we’re the teachers who are here to get rid of your rotten heads. so, take us to your leader, the necromancer.”***twenty-three hours after the so-called hellish training began, players from the world tree camp arrived on the third floor of the “troll’s crypt” dungeon.it was the boss room.wuuuuuuuuhh!the six-armed troll, the boss monster “king of the underworld,” roared wildly.the125 players standing in line were now facing only one enemy.thud! thud!this monster, a whopping 15 meters tall, was holding ugly weapons of different shapes in his six arms. if they approached him a bit, dozens of them would be swept away by the monster’s windmill-like attack.“inflict damage on his unfrozen frozen leg!”since his left leg was cast in the freezing magic right now, his threatening posture was further subdued.“team 4, load the arrows!”
“team 2, fire the arrows!”“team 3, fire the arrows!”however, the freezing state did not last long. the monster crushed the ice with tremendous force and narrowed the distance between them little by little.“team 2, the freezing magic is ready!”“right now! cast it on his right leg!”when team 2’s second freezing magic hit the target, the monster’s movement slowed down significantly. then, the archer unit fired arrows at his left leg intensively, which was just freed from freezing.puck! puck! puck!dozens of arrows poured over his massive legs, maiming his knees and thighs.woooooooohh!however, the monster moved forward without bothering the arrows, and the ice stuck to his right leg began to fall off.“team 3, the freezing magic is ready!”“team 4, ready!”“as soon as his right leg becomes wobbly, fire the arrows at his left leg immediately.”the players’ freezing magic continued constantly. a total of 5 teams could overcome the limits of the ‘reuse waiting time’ by preparing the magic in turn.“team 1, prepare the freezing magic again!”their attack against the boss monster was very systematic. rather than using their skills randomly, they calculated the exact time to attack, so they could carry out the optimal offensive strategy.at that moment, the boss monster pulled something out of his waist with his third left arm. it was a huge slingshot. soon, his second left arm pulled a rock out of the leather pocket.“what the heck is that?”it wasn’t just a slingshot, but a super large slingshot that could do big damage like a catapult.“that monster is pulling the slingshot! team 5, cast defense magic!”one of the commanders noticed the monster’s move. as soon as he shouted to his team members, a “large-scale shield,” which they had cast in advance, was formed and covered the players.although the monster fired huge rocks, they couldn’t penetrate the hemispherical shield and bounced off in all directions.“this time, aim at his left arm! tie it up to stop his ranged attacks!”“fire!”in the huge cave, the 125 players in five teams moved systematically, besieged, disturbed, avoided the monster, and minimized the damage while effectively inflicting damage.as a result, his arms began to fall off one by one. it was strong evidence that he was dying.“that monster has slowed down considerably!”“okay, keep pushing!”since there were no overwhelmingly powerful players, it took a lot of time for them to kill the monster, but they finally succeeded in getting him to kneel.grrrrrrrrr…-you have earned 115,000 gold by hunting the boss monster ‘king of the underworld’.the 125 players shouted for joy at once at the message that appeared before their eyes.“wow! we have won!”“finally, we beat the boss monster!”“we’re leveling up again!”their cheers filled the cave and rang out. even without the help of the necromancer, none of them were killed by the boss monster, which was a huge success.the total number of gold they earned from this single battle was 3,500,000 gold, and 34 people leveled up at the same time.“i’m already level 14. can you believe i’ve increased two levels in one day?”“i’m level 13, two up in one day.”it was the moment when the power of the world tree camp players jumped in real-time.that wasn’t all they obtained. there was more.“look here! there is something on the wall!”someone has found something special. it was the deepest part of the cave, the dead end.“what the heck is this?”“it’s not just a wall. i think there is space inside.”

upon closer examination, it was a kind of door, but it wasn’t big enough for humans to use.it was just the size that the boss monster, “king of the underworld”, could enter and exit.but it seemed inaccessible to them.-the door is protected by powerful magic.* only ‘imprinted beings’ can access the door.* level 3 or higher ‘unseal’ charm is required.* you need the skill of ‘unlocking’ with a craftsman level or higher.“the door has been blocked with magic,” inho said, touching the wall.“i’ve seen something like this twice. there seems to be no hint in the dungeon, and it seems that it is a hidden reward that can only be opened with individual skills. none of us has such abilities,” inho said, smacking his lips as if he was disappointed.at that moment, sungwoo said with a nod, “the open condition written in the description is a skill i’ve never seen before. i think we need people with a high-ranking bandit profession.”having said that, sungwoo pulled something out of his pocket.“but i know something.”what he took out was a ‘universal key’ item that he picked up from a secret shop some time ago. although he didn’t know when he would use it, he purchased it anyway because he knew he would need it someday.sungwoo walked toward the door without saying anything.-there is a door in a locked state. it can be opened through the ‘universal key’ item. would you like to use it? (y/n)“yes.”-the door opens. (large vault of the underworld king)the whole wall began to shake with the message. then, there was a gloomy light, and the huge stone wall vibrated as dust poured down.soon, what was inside the vault came into his eyes.opening a treasure chest is always a gamble because there is no guarantee that there is enough treasure to reward one’s effort to find the box.“gosh, are trolls collecting this kind of stuff?”“just amazing….”his gamble this time was a success.

 